What is your greatest success?
What’s your biggest failure?
What are you most proud of?
Who do you see as a role model and why?
What’s your biggest motivator?
What’s something you believe in?
What/who do you take inspiration from?
What’s a memory that formed part of your identity?
Describe a time you helped someone change their mind.
What are some of your core values? Explain one.
What’s a quality you’d like to develop in yourself?
What’s a quality you admire in someone else?
What’s one of your biggest fears?
What’s one of your biggest dreams?
How would you describe your true self in a few words?
What makes you hide your true self from others?
What makes you show your true self to others?
What’s something that people might not guess about you?
What’s your favourite quote?
Describe a quality that you admire of someone in the group. #group
Describe something you love. 
Describe someone you love. 
Describe a highlight of your childhood. 
In what ways do you show affection to someone? 
In what ways do you like to receive affection? #dating
What’s a courageous thing you’ve done?
Is there anything you’re searching for in life?
What’s something you’re ashamed of?
How did your education affect how you grew up?
How did your friendships affect how you grew up?
Describe a friendship that’s meaningful to you. 
Describe an object that’s meaningful to you. 
Describe a memory that’s meaningful to you. 
Science or the arts? #icebreaker
What something you like to know about someone?
Is religion important to you? How?
Do you believe in something bigger than us? Explain.
What do you think an important issue humanity is facing right now?
Do you have any regrets?
What’s the nicest compliment you’ve ever received?
What’s one of your favourite movies? #icebreaker
What’s one of your favourite songs? #icebreaker
What’s one of your favourite books? #icebreaker
What’s a type of art that you like? #icebreaker
What’s something that makes you feel alive? 
What’s something that makes you feel hopeful about the future? 
Comfort or the unknown? #icebreaker
What’s one of favourite foods? #icebreaker 
Mountains or sea? #icebreaker
Hot or cold? #icebreaker
Round or square? #icebreaker #silly
What do you think happens when we die? 
What makes a life worth living for you? 
What’s your spirit animal? #icebreaker
What does physical touch mean to you in a relationship? #relationship #dating
City or countryside? #icebreaker
What are some important traits you look for in a partner? #dating
Are you more of a talker or a listener? #dating
Do you want children? #dating
Is marriage important to you+ #dating
How do you view gender roles in a relationship? #dating
Why do you want to be in a relationship? ? #dating 
What does your perfect date night look like? ? #dating
What does intimacy mean to you? #dating 
What does sex mean to you? #dating
Are you an introvert or an extrovert? 
How important is family to you? #dating
What have you learned from any previous relationships? #dating
What is a skill you would like to learn or develop? 
Is there an element of your life where you lack confidence? 
Describe your relationship with your family
What’s brought you here? 
What does adventure look like to you? 
What’s your idea of a challenge? 
Describe an experience you found challenging
Describe one of the best days of your life so far
What do you look for most in a partner? #dating
