What does being successful mean to you?
Is there something that you really regret? What did you learn from it?
What is something you are very proud of?
Who do you see as a role model and why?
What’s something that motivates you?
What’s something you believe in?
What/who do you take inspiration from?
What’s a memory that formed part of your identity?
Describe a time you helped someone change their mind.
What are some of your core values? Explain one.
What’s a quality you’d like to develop in yourself?
What’s a quality you admire in someone else?
What’s one of your biggest fears?
What’s one of your biggest dreams?
How would you describe your true self in a few words?
What makes you hide your true self from others?
What makes you show your true self to others?
What’s something that people might not guess about you?
What’s one of your favourite quotes?
Describe something you love. 
Describe someone you love. 
Describe a highlight of your childhood. 
Describe a highlight of your adult life. 
In what ways do you show affection to someone? 
What’s a courageous thing you’ve done?
Is there anything you’re searching for in life?
What’s something you’re ashamed of?
How did your education affect how you grew up?
How did your friendships affect how you grew up?
How did your family affect how you grew up?
Describe a friendship that’s meaningful to you. 
Describe an object that’s meaningful to you. 
Describe a memory that’s meaningful to you. 
What something you like to know about someone?
Is religion important to you? How?
Do you believe in something bigger than us? Explain.
What do you think an important issue humanity is facing right now?
What’s the nicest compliment you’ve ever received?
What’s something that makes you feel alive? 
What’s something that makes you feel hopeful about the future? 
What are some ways you like to get out of your comfort zone?
What do you think happens when we die? 
What makes a life worth living for you? 
Where do you think you are in the introvert/extrovert spectrum?
What is a skill you would like to learn or develop? 
Is there an element of your life where you lack confidence? 
Briefly describe your relationship with your close family.
What’s brought you here? 
What does adventure look like to you? 
What’s your idea of a good challenge? 
Describe an experience you found challenging.
Describe one of the best days of your life so far.
What's something you're looking forward to today or tomorrow?
What's a place that feels like home to you?
What's a hobby you've always wanted to try but never got the chance to?
What's something that you're really grateful about right now?
What's a goal you're working towards?
What's a value you think is underrated?
Describe a memory that makes you laugh?
What's a way you like to relax?
What's something that makes you feel connected to others?
What's a way you like to express yourself creatively?
How do you like to celebrate important people in your life?
How do you like to celebrate important events in your life?
What's a place that holds a special significance or meaning to you?
What's a moment that made you realize you were growing up?
What's something you used to believe in that you no longer do?
Who's someone you've lost touch with that you wish you could reconnect with?
What's a book or movie that changed your perspective on life?
What's something that you had initial doubts about, but then changed your mind on later?
What's a place you've visited that felt like a different world?
What's a tradition or ritual that's important to you?
What's something you've learned from a difficult conversation?
What's a memory that's tied to a specific smell or scent?
What's something you're looking forward to learning or exploring in the future?
What's a way you like to take care of yourself during stressful times?
What's something you've learned from a cultural or societal difference?
What's a way you like to challenge your own assumptions or biases?
What's something you've learned from a personal struggle or challenge?
If you could switch lives with someone for a day, who would it be and why?
What's one of the most spontaneous thing you've ever done? Would you do it again?
What's one of the biggest risk you've ever taken? Was it worth it?
If you could create a new holiday, what would it be and how would people celebrate it?
What's an interesting thing you've learned recently?
What's an interesting fact about your family history? How has it shaped who you are today?
What's a big cultural or societal norm that you think needs to be challenged? Why?
When you were a child or teenager, how did you see the world of adults? 
